hey everyone this is Ronnie go boo and
welcome two factions let's play season 2
episode 15 today's going to be a quick
episode with a little bit of PvP and a
very small really small scavenger aid
but there's a lot more to come and after
this little christmas break i'm excited
to have a lot of good footage data so
stay tuned
so I'm here with a couple friends and I
am invisible while everyone else is in
time and I'm we're going to do a little
bit of pvp oh man I was quick critically
hit quickly quickly quickly hit me oh
alright go did she yeah it only takes
one hit oh you yeah generals coming
which direction from Northwest 17 I'm
right up your chisel oh yeah he's a
simple I got out you should get back
this one yeah I'm here okay I'm here my
Walter died
back
okay flips on the ground still makes
let's go let's go that's my packing
posted on oh he's running he's gap
you seem to acknowledge that's me okay I
got nothing left to help with cuz I'm
just I can only hit him and I'm i guess
i have five minutes left of in this but
I'm now like the general all I can do is
stay behind them watch out for general
he's coming up behind you just yet he's
probably going to run to spawn oh he got
out and it's fantasy max max is here it
it's pandas supposed to be on my team so
I can't do anything max is an idiot I
hope you brought food you guys I'm doing
a hole in general there yeah I like
general but when it comes to the pence
of my friends I guess I'm gonna have to
add a me him temporarily I picked up a
regular diamond chestplate oh I'm
intrusive
you come back yeah come up come up it's
just it's just john 1 he's running
towards spawn he's kapil again come on
you fruit and you kapil so often it's
ridiculous i'm here at the portal Thanks
ok we go oh I got general zak's oh shoot
yep I left with it yeah I got the acts
of the corrupted sharpness 50 do you go
no oh I took his axe disarmed him this
one yeah I did I got the acts of the
corrupted it's just a regular sharpness
five nice I told him to come with booth
to booth 1 i'll give it back
it was pretty fun together within this
suna news okay oh ok so I was told to go
to Northwest 2006 teen because my friend
camel kid has a raid for me
okay looks like he went down a hole oh
there's little tunnel here or the
staircase cool let's go okay hey camel
kid said the first person to say
something will get his face
okay let's see what he's got in here
looks like he's got some lapis some
fishin right watermelons on the same
trash out a new base happy with a laugh
as though always got an enchanting table
in some bookshelves add your chest grab
these myself touch pic looks like he's
got some spider eyes and a couple
brewing stands that's it I can't believe
it but that is all you brought me all
the way down here but it was okay I
appreciate it anyway um so that's it
thanks so much for watching I really
enjoyed my Christmas break and I can't
wait to start adding again I have so
much footage from before break there are
gonna be some really awesome videos to
come until then i will see you next time
on let's play factions